[terra-form-select] - Fix select option width and styling (#4023)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-form-select/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Changed

>   * Changed --terra-form-select-option-padding value to the orion-fusion-theme to match consistent padding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Changed --terra-form-select-option-padding value to match with the orion-fusion-theme for consistency.
```

Author: Updated - https://github.com/cerner/terra-core/pull/4023/commits/d0008541f863ff69be3c5ed0281eb036fd05d3e3
